six and stones may break your bones but
words can never hurt you the truth is
they do they hurt long
I remember when it all began the day
became that victim a target they took my
happiness away and now all I dream of is
the time my special place the place
where I can be alone where they can't
hurt me anymore where my mind and spirit
are free there are no barriers and no
one to judge me this is where I forget
the pain the builds up inside me Here I
am free from everything and most
importantly everyone I can feel the wind
blown from my hair
it carries pain away the grass pushes
against my hands like a thousand tiny
tendrils comfort to me the birds are
above and all around me they are my
company this is my piece of heaven and
now one can take it away from me
but of course it's only heaven for a
while the pains always waitin around the
corner calling my name holding me back
I have no friends no one to talk to and
no one to tell I'm so lost my learning
as we know hoping for scale
so I see if ours crying tears that no
one ever sees
Tolkien was that no one ever has now on
knows what's really going on
everyone sings peacefully in that beds
looking forward to tomorrow
happening you see I know what's wrong
you
I'm sorry if I hurt you it has to be
this way
you see I'm going to my heaven I'm going
to be afraid of bugs the wind blow for
my hair as are some walls my face
there's ticks and stones what hurt me
anymore I'll be happy
last
you